1. Prototype:
Each object has a private property which holds a 
link to another object called its prototype.

2. The popular 'this' keyword points to the gobal window object in the 
context of browsers when written inside a regualr function call. The 
'this' keyword points to the object to which the method is bond.

3. The methods - bind(), call(), apply() are used to bind a function while 
passing the desired scope to the inner function.

4. Block elements:

<div>, <p> - always starts on a new line
browser add some space before and after the element
Always takes up the full available width

5. Inline elements:

<span> - does not start on a new line
Always takes up as much width as neccessary

6. Table:

<table> - table
<tr> - table row
<th> - table header
<td> - table data

7. inline:

no line break without space

8. block:

line break with space

9. inline-block:

no line break with space

10. Pseudo-classes:

A pseudo-class is used to define a special state of an element.

11. Position property in CSS:

Static(default), Relative(normal flow), absolute(depends on parent),
fixed(absolute), sticky(relative)

12. Mobile First Approach/Design:

It is easier to scale a design up to larger screens than to scale 
it down to smaller screens. Due to the massive growth of Mobile
browsing, this makes mobile first design a great development
workflow.

13. Bootstrap is a free and open-source CSS framework directed at responsive, 
    mobile-first front-end web development. It contains HTML, CSS and 
    JavaScript-based design templates for typography, forms, buttons, 
    navigation, and other interface components.

    Container: The container is the fundamental building block of the Bootstrap 
    layout. It is used to center and align your content on the page, 
    providing a responsive and fluid design.

14. DOM - Document Object Model

The programming interface for interacting with an HTML document represented
as a tree data structure. Each HTML element in the document is a node in
the DOM tree, with nested content represented as children in the tree.

--> provides an API
--> Tree structure
--> Elements & Text are nodes

append --> Node + Text
appendChild --> Only Node object


15. JavaScript is a single-threaded synchronous language which executes all the code 
line by line in the order in which it is written.

16. In Asynchronous programming, you can do taks without waiting for a task to 
complete its execution.

17. Callback - pass a function as an argument to another function. The primary purpose 
of a callback is to execute code in response to an event.

18. Callback Hell: nested callback is called callback hell

19. Callback serve a great purpose in asynchronous programming,

There are 2 cases in which Callback is used,

a. Mark completion of a long-running task.
b. Execute a task after a long-running task.

 20. async & await - keywords introduced in ES8(ES2017), which are
 internally based on promises but makes the code more readable as
 compared to promises.

 21. When the keyword 'async' is prepended to a function, it can before
 safely assumed that a promise is returned from that function.


22. Declaring variables with two new keywords - let and const. The former is used when you wish to change the value of the variable in future and the latter is used when you do not wish to change the value of the variable. Unlike var, the variables declared using let/const keywords are not hoisted.

23. Classes, which are syntactic sugar over JavaScript's existing functions and help in achieving what is so-called prototype-based inheritance in ES5.

24. Arrow functions, which is a new syntax over traditional functions and are used to write code quickly and more effectively. They also solve some of the problems, as we see with the context w.r.t. 'this' keyword.

25. Array methods - map(), filter(), reduce() methods, which are used to iterate over an array and is a much simpler and quicker way to perform operations on an array as compared to its alternative methods.

26. The powerful three dots - referred to as the spread operator as well as the rest parameters, depending upon the context in which they are used. When used as spread operator, they are used to segregate an array into its individual elements. When used as the rest parameters, they are used to treat individual arguments passed to a function as a combined array in the function parameters.

27. Template Literals, which are better way of concatenating string literals. 

28. Ways of destructuring an array or an object to extract the its individual elements or keys.

29.import and export keywords - used for importing and exporting modules (including variables, functions, classes, etc.) defined in one file to be used in another file so as to maintain code reusability and reduce redundancy.